hey guys welcome to my channel this is
this time of the year when I sit down
and reflect on whatever happened and
20:18 analyzed what I did right and what
I did wrong and make plans and create
goals for 2019 I'm gonna tell you about
that I'm gonna tell you about an
apartment that I wanted to buy yesterday
but I haven't bought it so here
interested continue watching this video
so yesterday I visited a house that I
really really liked in st. Petersburg
and the goal for me is to have a pretty
Leo of houses all over the world I wrote
about that on Instagram if you're not
yet there subscribe so I wrote that I
want an apartment in San Francisco I won
a house in Silicon Valley and I want an
apartment in st. Petersburg where I'm
from because I come here three times a
year and I have things to do here and
when I'm here I stay in my parents
apartment and I wanted something for
myself that it would motivate me to work
harder because you know when this year I
stayed in Four Seasons Hotel wow this is
an amazing hotel you walk in and you
realize every detail is taken care of
I flipped business class to Europe and I
realized wow this is so much better than
flying economy this motivates me to earn
more work harder and I know what I'm
working for so I wanted this apartment
that would symbolize something I'm
working for like hey I'm gonna get this
apartment put a down payment and then
work to repay the debt but unfortunately
when we walked into a building I was
dreaming about it for like three years
and I thought is like the table
apartment I walk into the building and
it was nothing close to four seasons so
they position themselves as a luxury
condominium um whatever but now I'm
thinking maybe I should get a small
house somewhere in Oxford and create a
lingual house for all the students who
come and study and so this is one of the
goals for 2019 I want to buy an
apartment or a house and finally become
a homeowner so fingers crossed in the
end of this video I'm also going to talk
about language goals then you should set
for yourself and how you can achieve
them we're going to talk about
marathon that Lin goda starts in January
lingo de is an online Academy that I
partnered with for this video and I'm
gonna talk about their initiative to
refund all the fees to really
goal-oriented students but I'm gonna
talk about that at the end of this video
and now let's get back to the
achievements of 2018 one of the biggest
achievements is that yay we are a 1
million strong community here on YouTube
I didn't expect that the initial goal
was to score 450,000 on this channel
450,000 my Russian Channel and 200,000
on Instagram the reality is we have 1
million here we have almost 800,000 in
my Russian channel and I have over
300,000 subscribers on my Instagram yay
but there were also goals that I have
not achieved and this is why I'm
changing the strategy for 2019 for
example I thought that I would read 10
biographies of different people but I
realized here in 2018 that there are
more interesting things to do and if I
don't want to read a book I would not
make myself read it just because I
thought it would be useful I haven't
seen those classical movies I didn't go
to Canada in those San Diego just
because there was some opportunities
that came in during 2018 and I thought
they are a lot cooler than what I've set
up for myself so for 2019 I'm adapting a
completely different strategy I am
setting only three goals but they are
Guber and goals like getting an
apartment or a house second goal
actually second goal is created by my
husband Dima what we've done this year
is we set together with our friends and
we created goals for each other because
people have a different perspective on
you and they can help you with setting
the right goal so Dima knows that this
year I've sat at home for like all year
didn't really talk to people was
concentrating my business and channels
and everything and have really regret
that I am missing communication with
people who are in Silicon Valley like I
have this Instagram office which is
across my house and Instagram founder is
Kevin Systrom is walking in and out like
once a week and I don't know
Airbnb office is 10 minutes away from my
house and I don't know Brian Chesky yet
I want to meet those guys because they
have created something amazing and I
know it says step by step process not
just I called email I mean they say hey
Brian loves her no he's like oh who's
that no I'm not gonna do that the
strategy is to I create a third channel
you know that Silicon Valley girl and on
that channel I do interviews with people
in Silicon Valley who do cool stuff like
robots I've done an interview with
luring CEO so that's the strategy to get
closer to them and the goal from Dima is
to get 15,000 followers and Twitter by
the way this year I rediscovered Twitter
because I thought this is just a
platform where you know nerds write
something really short but then I
realize this is actually we're all
entrepreneurs and investors hang out
like Brian Chesky would have a Twitter
account Tim Ferriss Gary Vaynerchuk but
they're famous but you know like local
like Gary 10 from YC like some Oldman
like program like everybody is very
active in Twitter and this is another
goal for 2019 hang out with more
entrepreneurs from Silicon Valley and be
active on Twitter so that I talk more
about business which is not a new topic
for me but I haven't talked a lot about
it I'm mostly talk about like languages
and studying I want to do more business
and hang out with those people some more
reflections on 2018 I found that
creating a material goal is great and I
actually bought a car in 2018 and this
is the first car that is more expensive
than $10,000
it's a Porsche I love it it's great it's
on Finance so I still have to repay the
debt but whatever I just love that I
have this material thing that I bought
in I flip business class to Europe which
is great second thing I've launched
webinars on YouTube and business in the
USA and I'm gonna have the next webinar
on how to start on YouTube in 2019 the
link will be below so sign up if you
want to hear about it I became a
columnist in Russian Forbes which is
again a small step towards talking more
about business it's only like once in
two months so
is why it's a small step I don't talk a
lot this is what I want to do for every
entrepreneurs out there I hired an
executive assistant not your average
assistant who does your schedules and
helps you with things she is an
executive assistant and she helps me
with everything I don't know create a
lending face she does that she helps me
with email campaigns she helps me with
sales she helps me with DNS service like
everything and what I love about her is
that she had experience of being an
executive assistant but she's done
completely different things and what
makes her different is that she loves to
study I tell her hey Nora we need to do
this this and that
she doesn't ask any additional questions
like how do I do it she just googles she
just teachers herself and she does it
her progress has been amazing and if
you're guys running a business this is a
game-changer and another thing that
happened to me in regards to business
I'm doing less operational stuff which
is again a game changer we hired people
who do operational stuff and I don't
have to manage relationships between
different departments I don't have to
deal with you know conversion rates I
just create goals and create strategy
and the team does it again I am saving a
lot of my energy so I can produce
content for you guys so I can come up
with new ideas and thatcher's so we can
grow in different directions which is
awesome awesome awesome now I'm gonna
tell you about lingo too marathon and
right after that I'm gonna talk about
goal number three which is really
important and I think you all guys
should have the same goal for 2019 so
making those resolutions doesn't mean
that you're actually acting on them and
this is really really different remember
I talked about the five-second rule when
you have an idea you had what you want
to do you need to act on it within 5
seconds because otherwise you frame and
be like oh let's hang out let's clean
the apartment this is something else I
don't want to work because it consumes a
lot of your energy and this is how we
function us humans we just don't want to
work so what tricks me all the time is
doing something within 5 seconds so if
one of your goals for 2019 is to learn a
language you have five seconds to add I
didn't go to marathon amazing thing as
an entrepreneur I adore what they do
because
I know there is always this problem with
motivation when you learn English you're
like you're kind of subscribed your
books a lesson with a teacher and then
your arm sorry I'm sick oh I don't want
to do the class and then go to motivates
you not only with amazing teachers and
content and how they build the platform
they motivate you with money and the
thing with this marathon if you take
group classes every day for three months
they're going to refund your full
tuition which is like up to 800 euros
you just have to study and if you do
that you study for free cuz they refund
you you can also do half marathon it's
when you do 15 classes a month and they
refund you half their tuition fees this
marathon starts on January 21st lasts
until April 20th and it's not only about
English it's German Spanish French and
business English because in a lot of you
guys are already like upper intermediate
advanced and you don't need basics so
that's for you and all of the classes
are with native speakers and this is
what I love like my philosophy in
learning a language is talk to a native
speaker because there are so many things
that are really hard to change like your
accent I went to Russian English school
with a Russian teacher who didn't really
teach deep I can even do that with a
Russian teacher who taught us Russian
accent and he was hard to get rid of it
I'm happy I started interacting with
native speakers at the age of 14 so
please please please if you have the
same problem like native speakers only
also when you think about setting goals
what I like about this marathon is that
it's about small steps sometimes you
tell yourself oh in two months I need to
be advanced in English how does that
sound
this sounds overwhelming like if I tell
myself tomorrow I have to repay an
apartment that costs a million dollars
that's impossible but if I tell myself I
am aiming to own an apartment in 2019
and I know like those small steps that I
can take talk to realtors save some
money for the down payment
same with English or same with any other
language like you don't have to be
advanced by March what you have to do is
take a small step every day like take a
part in the lingo to marathon a little
about the way works you pay the entry
fee five years
it secures your spot in the marathon and
then you automatically sign up for a
three-month long subscription but you
can use my code steady 40 it's below in
the link is below which gives you a 2
point 5 euros discount so you only pay
50 euro cents you also have the
opportunity to secure your spot through
pay now special at a discounted price of
10 percent for a limited time only
select pay now option payment and this
will allow you to receive your first set
of credits a friend and book classes
straightaway for a first marathon month
and for this painting option there's no
entry fee again thousands of people have
done that
I love Lin gotas approach to teaching
people languages so the link will be
below my code will be below start acting
now
five-second rule remember just do it
like take this first step and commit
because again making resolutions and
actually committing to them is a
completely different thing you have
until January 14th to sign up and start
the marathon and my goal number 3 think
about it it's actually the main thing
for 2019 enjoy every single thing that I
do and I've just recorded a message to
our employees and I was talking like if
you do not enjoy your job in our company
you know how to talk to it because when
you love your job you do a lot of extra
things that bring it to the next level
like if you love learning languages you
will start a marathon you will talk as
much as you can you will watch TV shows
you will look everything to improve I
enjoy Instagram now and I'm taking so
many cooperating classes just because I
am so so happy whenever you create text
this is the approach for your whole life
like if you don't enjoy something either
delegated if you can or just drop it
because your energy is really limited
you never know what's the last day of
our life sorry for mentioning that guys
but this is the reality and if you just
spend your time doing things that you
hate you're gonna eventually hate your
life and we don't want that to happen
ok just enjoy every single thing that
you do this is where to begin for you
guys I just want to you know spend 2019
asking myself every day every single
hour am i enjoying what is happening
and now if not how can I get rid of this
thing this is really important you've
probably seen more resolution videos
already on YouTube please share below
what motivated you the most for the
upcoming 2019 maybe it was a book or
maybe it was a video from another
youtubers share down comes below by the
way if you've taken part and go to
marathon also let me know how it worked
for you again I think it's a great idea
thank you so much guys watching this
video up to the very end subscribe to
this channel new goal to a million no
just the goal is to enjoy the process
what I'm doing right now and again happy
2019 I wish you all the best I'm sending
you love I hope you can feel through the
camera
positive energy like there's so much
love going from me to you guys thank you
for making my life amazing thank you for
giving me a goal to study things to
explore new things so I can share them
with you thank you so much Happy New
Year I love you